                                    THE LAST
                                C O M M A N D O


In the year 2046 the Industry of Intelligent Androids (M.O.X.A.T.) created
DERGON, a revolutionary artificial intelligence device based on human thoughts.

Contrary to what was expected, the new system was to become a hazardous
catastrophe for mankind: intelligent machines spread across the XATOR
Confederation of Planets causing death and destruction throughout.

The only way to stop them is by destroying the planets they have taken control
of. MOXAT have been placing powerful explosive charges on these planets for
two years and now the time has come to set them off.

The mission is not easy. An experienced commando able to use all types of
weapons is required. He must not be afraid of death. You are the chosen one.

AIM
Activate each of the detonators and escape from each planet before it explodes.

PLANETARY SYSTEM
1. PLANET ZORAK: It is infested with M-2046 androids. It has a diameter of
7500km and eight explosive charges have been set.

2. PLANET ALFARD: Also plagued with thousands of M-2046 androids. Its diameter
is 5015km and six explosive charges have been set.

3. PLANET GRISUM: You have to destroy the two other planets before coming here.
Its diameter resembles that of the Earth (11212km) and ten detonators have been
set.

OBJECTS
IONIC BATTERIES: There are green, red and white batteries. You need one of each
colour to activate each of the detonation sequences of the explosive charges.

WEAPONS: When getting these the scoreboard will indicate whether you have
automatic shooting capacity or immunity.

CLOCK: It detains for a certain amount of time the countdown of the detonators.

POWERS: They increase the ship's energy.

ENTRY CAPSULE: Located above the detonators. You have to get under them to
place the ionic batteries.

TRANSPORT PLATFORM: Once you have activated all of the detonators this is your
only means of escaping.

WARNINGS AND ENEMIES
There are four groups of enemies depending on where you are.

You must study the movements of the enemies; they are programmed differently
and you can get past all of them.

The objects appear at random.

The countdown begins as soon as you activate the first detonator. It's better
if you get all the batteries you need first - it will save you time.

LOADING INSTRUCTIONS
Spectrum 48K - Type LOAD"" and press Enter.
Start the tape.

Amstrad CPC - Hold down CTRL key and press small enter key. Start the tape.

CBM 64 - Hold down Shift key and press RUN/STOP.
Start tape.

MSX - type RUN"cas:" (enter) and start the tape.

CONTROLS
Q - UP             P - RIGHT          or Joystick
A - DOWN           Space - Fire
O - LEFT


© Summit Software

All rights reserved.

No part of this publication/work or name and title thereto including the
appearance and get-up thereof may be reproduced stored in a retrieval system or
transmitted in any form or by any means electronic mechanical photocopying
recording or otherwise without either the prior written permission of the
copyright holder for which application should be addressed in the first
instance of Summit Software.

TAKE NOTICE that Summit Software is recorded as asserting all rights of
authorship in this work in accordance with the provisions of The Copyright
Designs & Patents Act 1988.


PROGRAMMERS-If you have written a good programme for ANY home computer, send it
to us now for evaluation. We pay EXCELLENT royalties!!
SEND TO: The Evaluation Department, SUMMIT SOFTWARE Units 3-7 Baileygate
Industrial Estate, Pontefract, West Yorkshire.

Summit is a trademark of Alternative Software Ltd.
