MAD NURSE
(c) 1986 Simon Pick

An episode from a hospital near you...
Scene: A tired trainee nurse carefully places the little bundle of joy into the 
cot.
NURSE: 'Now you be a good boy and go to sleep.'
BABY: 'Goooooooeeeeeeeagh'
NURSE: 'You won't jump out of the cot will you?'
BABY: 'Nnnnnnneeeeeeuuuuugh Slurp!'
NURSE: 'And you won't drink from the medicine bottles will you?'
BABY: 'Bleeeaaaaagh!'
NURSE: 'And you won't go near the lift now will you hmmm?'
BABY: 'Burp!'
NURSE: 'Pardon!  Don't touch anything else you shouldn't....I don't 
want to have to use the stun gas again.  Night Night....'
BABY: WWWAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAGH!!!!!
The nurse walks briefly from the ward.  Confusion reigns!

LOADING
1. Connect the cassette unit to your Commodore according to the User 
Manual.
2. Place the rewound cassette into the cassette unit, and press PLAY.
3. Press RUN/STOP and SHIFT simultaneously on your Commodore.
NOTE: Full loading instructions can be found in your Commodore Manual.

PLAYING THE GAME
Prepare yourself for a shock!  You never knew hospital work was QUITE like 
this I bet!  The object of the game is to score as many points as possible by 
picking up the naughty babies, and putting them back to bed, whilst 
collecting stray medicine bottles.  Putting babies into a cot will give you a 
bonus, the size of which is dependent on how many are already in there.  
The more babies there are in the cot, the less the bonus (and the more likely 
they are to hop out again!).  Picking up a bottle scores 100 points.
Control is by joystick as follows:
UP - Picks up a baby.
DOWN - Puts down a baby, either on the floor, or in a cot.
FIRE BUTTON - Releases STUN GAS.  For a few seconds, the babies will 
stop moving allowing you to capture those extra specially naughty ones!  
You will start the game with 3 trainee nurses.  Each nurse is allowed 3 
'mishaps' before she is fired.  The game ends when all the nurses have 
been fired.  You must ensure that the babies stay clear of the electric power 
points, medicine bottles, and the lift shaft...these are very hazardous.
